Create EventHubs stress and performance test basics. (#4818)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: sdk/eventhubs/azure-messaging-eventhubs/samples/README.md

# Eventhub Samples

This repository contains samples for the Azure Event Hubs service.

## Sample Requirements

These samples are written with the assumption that the following environment
variables have been set by the user:

* EVENTHUBS_CONNECTION_STRING - The service connection string for the eventhubs instance.
* EVENTHUB_NAME - Name of the eventhubs instance to communicate with.

> * EVENTHUB_HOST - Fully qualified domain name for the eventhubs instance.

Reviewer: Should these be EVENTHUB`S`_* for consistency?

Author: I believe that an eventhubs instance is called an eventhub.  However I think you're right about the host.

> * EVENTHUBS_HOST - Fully qualified domain name for the eventhubs instance.

Reviewer 2: Two of these is `Eventhubs` (plural), but one isn't. Should it be consistent?

Author: Two of these refer to the EventHubs service (which is plural), one of these refers to a specific instance of an eventhub (which by definition is singular).

IMHO, it may not be consistent, but it *is* correct.

* AZURE_TENANT_ID - The tenant ID for the user or service principal which has
been granted access to the eventhubs service instance.
* AZURE_CLIENT_ID - The client ID for the user or service principal which has been 
granted access to the eventhubs service instance.
* AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET - The client secret for the user or service principal
  which has been granted access to the eventhubs service instance.

> The tests also assume that the currently logged on user is authorized to call
> into the attestation service instance because they use [Azure::Core::Credentials::TokenCredential](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/cpp/azure-core/1.3.1/class_azure_1_1_core_1_1_credentials_1_1_token_credential.html) for authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tests also assume that the currently logged on user is authorized to call
into the Event Hubs service instance because they use [Azure::Core::Credentials::TokenCredential](https://azuresdkdocs.blob.core.windows.net/$web/cpp/azure-core/1.3.1/class_azure_1_1_core_1_1_credentials_1_1_token_credential.html) for authorization.
```

## Samples

| Sample | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| basic-operations/create_consumer.cpp | This sample demonstrates how to create an `EventHubProducerClient` using a connection string. |

> | basic-operation/create_producer.cpp | This sample demonstrates how to create an `EventHubConsumerClient` using a connection string. |

Reviewer 2: The names and description are flipped. `create_consumer` is saying it is about creating `EventHubProducerClient` and vice versa.

| basic-operations/create_consumer-aad.cpp | This sample demonstrates how to create an `EventHubProducerClient` using an Azure Active Directory account. |
| basic-operation/create_producer_aad.cpp | This sample demonstrates how to create an `EventHubConsumerClient` using an Azure Active Directory account. |
| | |
| basic-operations/create-consumer.cpp | This sample demonstrates how to send events to an Event Hub using the `EventHubProducerClient`. |

> | basic-operation/create-producer.cpp | This sample demonstrates how to receive events from an Event Hub using the `EventHubConsumerClient`. |

Reviewer 2: Same here, producer/consumer mismatch in name/description.
